Enable Libfuzzer (#107)
confidential-containers/td-shim: doc/fuzzing.md

## Setup

### Requirements

#### Tools
- C compiler (e.g. gcc or clang)
- make

#### Platform

Afl.rs works on x86-64 Linux and x86-64 macOS.

`$ cargo install afl`

### Upgrading

`$ cargo install --force afl`

## Provide starting inputs

Use RAMdisks for input since, we don't want to destroy harddrives.

```
$ cd fuzzing
$ sudo mount -t tmpfs -o size=1024M tmpfs in
```

### Build the fuzz target

`$ cargo afl build -p fuzz_pe_loader`

### Example

`$ cargo afl fuzz -i fuzz-target/in/pe_loader/ -o fuzz-target/out/ target/debug/fuzz_pe_loader`

As soon as you run this command, you should see AFL’s interface start up:

![image-20210628084437384](../fuzzing/fuzz1.png)

### view coverage

If you need to view coverage, Script fuzzing.sh runs for a period of time in each case.
Add the coverage string after the script collects info information and generates html files. 
The html file location is target/debug/fuzz_coverage. 
If you need to run a specific case, please modify the cmd tuple in the script.
Can run at the same time but merge will cause problems.

```
# Install screen
$ sudo apt install screen
# Install expect

> $ sudo apt install expect

Author: Done

# Run each fuzz for one hour
$ bash sh_script/fuzzing.sh
# Run each fuzz for one hour and generate source-based coverage report
$ bash sh_script/fuzzing.sh Scoverage
# Run each fuzz for one hour and generate gcov-based coverage report
$ bash sh_script/fuzzing.sh Gcoverage

# If there is an error in fuzzing, please follow, and switch to the root
user to execute the command if the error is reported.

[-] Hmm, your system is configured to send core dump notifications to an
external utility. This will cause issues: there will be an extended delay
between stumbling upon a crash and having this information relayed to the

> fuzzer via the standard waitpid() API.

Author: Done

> If you're just testing, set 'AFL_I_DONT_CARE_ABOUT_MISSING_CRASHES=1'.

Author: Done

To avoid having crashes misinterpreted as timeouts, please log in as root

> and temporarily modify /proc/sys/kernel/core_pattern, like so:

Author: Done

> echo core >/proc/sys/kernel/core_pattern

Author: Done

[-] Whoops, your system uses on-demand CPU frequency scaling, adjusted
between 781 and 3808 MHz. Unfortunately, the scaling algorithm in the
kernel is imperfect and can miss the short-lived processes spawned by
afl-fuzz. To keep things moving, run these commands as root:

cd /sys/devices/system/cpu

> echo performance | tee cpu*/cpufreq/scaling_governor

Author: Done

> You can later go back to the original state by replacing 'performance'
> with 'ondemand' or 'powersave'. If you don't want to change the settings,
> set AFL_SKIP_CPUFREQ to make afl-fuzz skip this check - but expect some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can later go back to the original state by replacing `performance`
with `ondemand` or `powersave`. If you don't want to change the settings,
set `AFL_SKIP_CPUFREQ` to make afl-fuzz skip this check - but expect some
```

Author: Done
